User Journey -
Manga App


I’m looking to read a manga, however I don’t know what I want to read.  I stumble upon this application and I look to select the type of manga I want to read and to make sure that it is available in English.  Being new to Manga I realize that I don’t understand the types that are available, however I notice that there is an option to “Start Here” for those newbies where I learn about the types.  I also notice when I first open up the application that there are manga that have been highly rated by previous viewers.  Through this I’m able to narrow it down to what is appealing to me.  What helps is that along with the types it also has options for romance, comedy, family, fantasy, etc. as well as whether or not you want kid-friendly options.  I’ve heard about a specific manga so I decide to look it up in the search bar.  I also notice that it gives the option to display the artwork as well so that I can identify what I’m looking for by the artwork.  After clicking Enter I get a list of manga containing what I typed in with it also displaying the language(s) that it’s available in.  Going down the list I find the one that I’m looking for and click on the link where it leads me to a page with the artwork of the first book, author, genre, what it’s about, how many books are in the series, when it was released, whether or not it’s a complete series, a link to a page containing more information about it, the rating for it, comments that people have left regarding it, and if there is also an anime for it.  I also notice on the bottom of the page that it has recommendations of similar manga.  
Looking further at the application I realize that I can create an account to be able to save what I would like to read and which ones I have read.  This helps because I’m realizing as I dive deeper into the application that there are ones that I would like to read and it’s nice having an area to keep that list.  After I read them I can also rate them 1 to 5 stars and make a small comment about it.  
